hey everyone welcome back to our Channel
today we are diving into a triple policy
showdown between three major players in
the health insurance Market adya baa
active on Max IC I's latest Elevate plan
and our trusty old friend care Supreme
so if you've been wondering which of
these plans is right for you stick
around because we break down all the
metrics features and give you our honest
recommendation now let's start with the
basics here's a quick overview of the
coverage options adya B active and Max
offers cover aage ranging from 5 lakhs
to 2 CR making it a good option for
those looking for moderate and high
value covers ICI Elevate plan comes with
coverage options starting from 5 lakhs
all the way up to three crw and even an
unlimited option care Supreme keeps it
simple with some insured options between
5 lakhs and 15 lakhs with a focus on
affordability now each of these plant
offers unique features and has different
price points so let's dive in deeper to
understand that Aditya activan Max is
ideal for those who want a plan that
grows over time with a loyalty bonus
that can boost your coverage up to 500%
it's perfect if you're looking for a
policy that's future proof ICC Elevate
plan is great if you need flexibility
it's particularly attractive for people
who want to cover unique situations like
surrogate expenses or those who need to
shorten their waiting period for
conditions like diabetes or hypertension
care Supreme stands out as the budget
friendly option it's a solid pick if you
want a plan with basic features and
don't mind adding a few optional covers
for more comprehensive protection now
let's talk about what these plans have
in common room rent restrictions none of
these plans have room rent restriction
icic allows a single private room by
default while adya baa and Care offer
more flexibility co-payment all three
plan come with zero copay pre and post
hospitalization coverage is pretty solid
across the board 90 days pre 180 days
post daycare procedures covered up to
the sum insur short in all the plans
doic expenses that's covered now let's
highlight what makes each plan different
let's start with adya Bella activan Max
day one coverage for some chronic
conditions like asthma and diabetes
loyalty bonus up to 500% increase in
base summon short over time claim
protect benefit which assures 100%
hospital bill coverage including
consumables coming to ICI Elevate plan
it has unique coverage for surrogate
mother and usai donor expenses jump
start feature which shorten speed viting
period for asthma diabetes hypertension
to just 30 days it offers an infinite
care add on for unlimited claims during
the policy term and finally care Supreme
it has Unlimited automatic restoration
so your cover is replenished every time
you make a claim cumulative bonus super
well who doesn't love that it gives up
to 500% bonus increase over time
affordability is its key selling point
making it one of the most competitively
priced options in the market well no
plan is perfect and here's where each
plan has some room for improvement adya
active on Max let's go with that first
the premium is on the higher side
especially for the variants with day one
coverage for chronic conditions it's
relatively new so it may not have the
established reputation like ICI speaking
about ICICI their Elevate plan has no
inbuilt annual Health checkup you'll
have to pay extra for this add-on it has
low loyalty bonus just 20% to 100% which
is quite less compared to its competitor
adya baa now coming to care Supreme the
waiting period for PDS is standard 3
years which can be only reduced with
paid add-ons now customer service and
claim settlement could be improved based
on feedback from some policy holders now
let's talk about add-ons because they
can make a big difference adiya B has a
couple chronic Care Management program
critical illness cover durable equipment
cover ICI has reduction in pting periods
to 12 or 24 months claim protector
covers excluded items like syringes and
PP kits now care Supreme has a
cumulative bonus super to boost coverage
by 500% and PD waiting period
modification which can reduce the
waiting time to just one year time for
Price breakdown here's a comparision for
a 30-year-old buying a policy with a 10
lakh cover in delhi now clearly ICI I
comes in as the most affordable option
but the feature and benefits vary so
it's crucial to consider your needs
before making it a choice also closely
tailing it our base policies of K
Supreme and Aditya baa active on Max now
feel free to pause and take a closer
look at the premiums so what's what's
our final take well if you looking for
extensive benefits and loyalty bonuses
Aditya baa active on Max is a great pick
it's for those who want a policy that
grows with them now if you need unique
coverage like surrogacy expenses and
flexibility in Waiting periods go with
IC I Elevate and if you're okay with
adding some extras care Supreme is your
best bet now that's it for today's
comparison folks if you found this video
helpful don't forget to hit the like
button subscribe and drop a comment if
you have any questions and as always you
can book a free consultation with us the
link is in the description below and I
will see you in the next one happy
Insurance Hing